	As a computer engineering student, one must have a troubleshooting capacity. It gives you an upper hand in future job opportunities. To be real honest, I have no experience or knowledge in troubleshooting PCs before enrolling in this course. I was young when I first used a computer and it was because it was the way of communication between me and my mom. Sure, I learned how to open and use it all by myself but I was never taught on how to clean it up, more so over to troubleshoot it at a very young age. I never saw my uncle doing some cleaning stuffs except wiping the screen off.
	In high school, I was given a netbook for communicating with my mom. I took care of it but when it was left in my home town for a few weeks, I had experienced the very first problem involving a computer. The screen seemed like a disco light, going on and off but it doesn’t shuts down. I asked my cousins what happened since they were the one using it when I left it there but they couldn’t give me an answer. Then, my aunt told me that when they used it, they tilt the netbook on an angle that the part where the screen and keyboard joins is the only part that touches the surface. When I knew it I tried to tap that part and the screen seemed to be affected by it. I had a guess that it was one of the reason of the problem but I was always open minded on how I could be wrong so I asked my mom if I could take it to a technician but I never had a chance to.
	Now that I entered college, I was given by my grandmother a laptop… not a new one and I don’t really need a new one. When I first used it, some keys weren’t working so it kind of pissed me off but I learned to deal with it as if it’s nothing. It wasn’t fixed until our mayor told me that maybe the keyboard just needed some cleaning. So after I followed his advice, some keys were already working then as time passed by with some weekly cleaning of the keyboard, luckily all of the keys already worked.
	This semester, having this subject troubleshooting made me realize how I am the very least to be hired when only troubleshooting experiences are considered. I need to know a lot about troubleshooting. The reporting that only consists of the said steps to be done, taught me a lot. When my partner and I had to do the reporting; I was so lost since I don’t really understand that much, even though I read about it. I am the kind of person that doesn’t understand complicated things through books and texts but I definitely could assure that I could understand more through experience. But then, one of the reasons why we have this subject is to avoid, prevent and solve those problems… so I guess, I need a lot of practical tests in this subject to be confident about my troubleshooting experience. Not that I am complaining but that’s only for my side, this is college, everything should be generally considered, not just myself.
	I know this is supposed to be an essay about our subject but I can’t help but mention few things out of the topic. Things like how I often make an absence including in this subject. I just don’t get how our system works. Instructors expect us to be better than the past batches but even their teaching capabilities stayed the same throughout the years. They always tell us on how easy it is for us today to do researches, just one click away but what about us? People like me who don’t understand that quickly on just reading. Sure, you’ll just answer us back to do group studies. Well, since my classmates have Internet too, why would they bother? If they already understand it themselves, why bother? To be honest, I am having a serious battle within myself. I am confused on what should I believe in. “If others can then, you can do it too” or “We are different persons, we all are unique”? 
	Should I go on with this path, sir? I am really confused right now.  I might act like nothing or pissed off but I am already tired of the questions inside my head that I couldn’t answer. For this semester, I am just doing the academic stuffs so that I won’t let down my group mates. I’m not doing anything for myself right now.  I’m sorry, sir. This is totally out of the subject you have given to us.
